hello everyone guys are me and I'm here
with a short video tutorial about
how to play trump
I don't know if many of you will know
this game but today I will explain it
first you have to get one or more
friends in this case 19 his friend
then take care of yourself
the next step is to have a deck of 40
cards
I will use the Tuscan ones and here is in the
detail how we should give three cards a
where one of the various participants in this
just me and once given three
cards for one now I'll show you
very quickly
let's imagine a hypothetical game with
three players is you are my cards
we will have to give a subsequent card but
all the cards from you
in the middle in this case is the 6 of
bricks and now this card will become
bari sono what it means for example
I now have the 3 of trump the 3d framework
this means that a trump card
can exceed all the others
independently feel that beautiful
word regardless of their value
for example a 3 that in Tuscany is called
regio or in male
four points so the king is the card
which is worth more
after a slow entry then on the net
You could eat me example the so-called
hunchback that is worth only duels
but if we put the case this game is
of trump
this can take all the cards
seems difficult is given to understand why
it's really a lot indeed
hard to understand
with one card he can eat more
however visco is a very ancient game a
game also based on the absurd is a
game then that then with which you can
absolutely have fun with grandparents with i
parents with cousins ​​you can do
just about anything you can pass the
born to play darts
summaries they give again this is a game
suitable for the whole family
and try it anyway, I did this to him
short video tutorial I don't do
see my face and with that you have
already seen if you liked it share
anyway on facebook because all the
motive ray I understand if you liked it
I like to see if you were home and
soon with a new video